all right it's gonna be our final run in
survival mode lockdown it's one of the
insanity level maps for survival and
this will be out now you'll have seen at
least one of every level of difficulty
of the map so here we go
lockdown lockdown motherfucker
Oh should we start with a real gun this
time would be one with the best we've
been wave one of insane difficulty
survival mode we are the best and we'll
get fuck with us
fuck you doing
don't shoot my Toyota crank fucking dead
we're there here they come yeah
all right good barmy what's happened oh
yeah it's just me it's just fucking
apartment but this will get dude it's
Mago well it goes face on the wall three
times he's hidden in the game
oh here they come don't shut it
there's a bunch of dudes over here ah we
have the comfortable size
you sneak up behind you where's the
airstrike and we go by predator missile
right now it's right here disgusting
skidmark ah shoot himself hey man you
know happens when you die you you like
all your fouls out so he had a big
fuckin a Big Mac lunch you if I catch it
all over the street suicide bombers go
oh shit with people that executed over
here check this out people I got homie
over here where I am destroy the party
clear well Hong far far far far far
whore whore whore who's left two dudes
fuck are they you're hiding over here
you asshole
fuck you no you said I do you like me
said ow ow
you stabbed me jerk how impolite
oh my Gallagher they've done uh-huh
what'd you see me to it leave the dead
people
oh come on man they're already dead I
need to shoot him too at least owed this
guy dude at least I was this guy with
his messenger bag what the fuck he's a
messenger bag I
suiciders damn thank you
whoa whoa watch your language
ah fuck we die we both die oh my god
who's the fat dude five minutes five
minutes I need that we lost we both
forgot to buy quick revive it died
because of it we're bunch of idiots you
get you start off with them you start
off with a good gun but you don't get
the quick revive I see and I'm just sure
we didn't get any of that
five minutes insanity all right well I
guess I'll call it a call it a day for
the survival mode gameplay we've not
played one of every level of the map so
I think that's gonna give everyone a
flavor for what it's like yeah fever
have you ever appears again look